Not a sound?
Really tolerant Zhou Han
You ruined his innocence back then
How about now?
Just send him on his way yourself
Life is so hard
That didn't kill you. You hit me.
Jiang Xue is supported by you, he is right
It's me Zhou Han
Let's do it. Jiang Xue and I have done so much
Just to make him the young lady of the Gu family
Then give me a repayment
But you ruined my wish.
So damn it
Stop
Indecent
Ah, take them to the police station.
Sorry I'm late.
It's okay, I'm just bleeding a little
Vegetables
You must be alright
I have a secret to tell you.
In fact, Doudou is your biological son
What did you just say?
As long as you're okay
I just said Doudou is your biological son
You were the woman I had sex with five years ago
Assistant Sun has investigated clearly
Absolutely not wrong
You dog man
You don't have to help me
I can go by myself
Mommy, let Daddy help you
This is what he should do.
Doudou
Do you want Mommy's baby to be a boy or a girl?
Well, brother or sister will do, I don't pick
I hope my mother will promote me to the football team soon.